# Parasitoid sugar meta-analysis

This is the script accompanying the paper ***Does additional sugars in the field improve biological control by parasitoids? A systematic review and meta analysis*** by Martin Luquet, Blas Lavandero, Emmanuel Desouhant and Bruno Jaloux. It is now private but will be made public upon papers' acceptance.

## Data availability

All the data and associated metadata can be found in the relevant OSF project (**link will be pasted here upon the paper's acceptance**). Please note that you do not need to download the data to run the scripts; it will be downloaded automatically.

## Code execution

To reproduce analyses, you just need to open the R project `Parasitoid_sugar_meta_analysis.Rproj` in the main folder. To work on the script directly, you can then launch `R/main_script.R`. For a more detailed version, with additional comments and guidance at each step, you can launch `complete_analysis.Rmd` in the main folder. This will reproduce the Appendix S2 in the `.pdf` file accompanying the paper (**link will be placed here upon the paper's acceptance**). Besides, the `posthoc_analyses.Rmd` will generate additional analyses that were discussed in the paper and reproduce the Appendix S3 `.pdf` file (**link will be placed here upon the paper's acceptance**).

## Session information

All analyses were performed using R version 4.4.1. Details about OS, R version and R packages can be found in `Outputs/session_info.txt`.

## Repository detailed description

- This README file (`README.md`).
- `Parasitoid_sugar_meta_analysis.Rproj` is the R project associated with the study. Just open this file in R to reproduce the whole analysis.
- `complete_analysis.Rmd` is an annotated RMarkDown file containing the main analysis. It allow reproducing all outputs present in the paper and in the supplementary file associated with the paper. Running it will actually reproduce **Appendix S2** accompanying the paper in the SI, as a `.pdf` file.
- `posthoc_analyses.Rmd` is another annotated RMarkDown file containing additional analyses. These are placed in a separate file as these were conducted as posthoc analyses following the peer-review process. Running it will reproduce **Appendix S3** accompanying the paper in the SI, as a `.pdf` file.
- `references.bib` is a BibTex file containing references associated with the `complete_analysis.Rmd` document.
- `references_posthoc.bib` is a BibTex file containing references associated with the `complete_analysis.Rmd` document.
- **R** folder: contains all files needed to reproduce analyses.
  - `main_script.R` also generates the whole analysis needed to reproduce results produced in the paper and in supplementary files (lighter, but with fewer annotations than the `.Rmd` file).
  - `making_figures.R` allows reproducing figures from the paper in high-resolution. **Note however than one of these (Figure 2) was completed 'by hand' locally in a graphics editing software.** Please do not hesitate to contact us for more details about this (martin.luquet.pro@gmail.com).
  - The **Functions** folder contains several `.R` custom functions needed to reproduce the analyses. Please refer to annotations in each script to see what they do.
- **Outputs** is the folder in which all output generated by the main script will be stored. It is empty but running the scripts will allow generating reproducible outputs.
  - **Figures** folder will contain `.png` files generated in `making_figures.R`.
  - **Models** will contain the final meta-analytical models generated in `main_script.R`.
  - **Sensitivity_analyses** will contain all outputs generated from sensitivity analyses.
  - Other `.rds` will mainly be tables or model outputs needed to reproduce figures and other ouputs in a more efficient and faster way.
  - `session_info.txt` is already there  and contains all information about OS, R version and packages used.
- By default, there is no **Data** folder: it will be created when running `complete_analysis.Rmd` or `main_script.R`. All needed data files will be automatically downloaded from the associated OSF project (**insert link later**).
- `.gitignore` contains information about files included in the version control.
